{:title "Daily Report - Day 38"
 :layout :post
 :author "Mochamad Lucky Pradana"   
 :tags  ["daily-report" "astra-mokita"]
 :toc false}

## **Status : Alert**

## **Start : Just in the early morning**
From late yesterday night I kept search and looking around about Mokita mobile apps code. 
Yes, because number one I kept making mistakes about the code that I wrote for assigned task and 
number two I was confused about the code, or necessarily confused with the existing code, because `"jumping around"` in this project is not easy to get the reference.

## **Not a really Birthday Leave**
Yesterday I decided to take birthday leave for today but I have to make this task done for today.
So I still decide that I took this birthday leave to make an excuse for remote working.
And it seemed that raining outside, so it's an absolute win for me.

## **Making it done**
- ✅ **Tracking Hotline Order Form** -- I was kinda confused about the header keeps showing white background, then I realized that I needed to add additional properties to `navigation`
- ✅ **Hotline Order Card Item** --  Actually this component is already there but I had to reconstruct the element because of view ordering and aligning problems
- ✅ **Hotline Order Button** -- I think this was, at least, one easy part of everything.
- ❌ **Add model, request data and apply it to the screen** -- This one is the long one, I almost waste the entire day to make this, and the "best" part is it's not done yet.
This task ended to be taken over by Rino. Some problems that I faced in this task is, I had no model to make, the endpoint was ready yet but I had no data to make the model and the form field that I had no idea where to get the value. The other code said that I use `handleClick` to get it, it works for most screen but not mine. I kinda stuck in this state and so **requesting data** and **apply it to the screen** were failed tasks for today. 


## **Hey it should be done, but It's not done yet**
I was kinda mad to myself, because I couldn't make it done for today like I said earlier to Mr. Muslih.
I asked Rino to show me how to do it by tomorrow


   
